Hello everyone, well, today I bring you a
video of an idea that came to me and
nothing like you see in the title is like
make a sample of our enamels
if we do not have the typical little wheels with
the with the plastic nails to be able
paint either girls who can not
get it they do not want to spend the
money or anything more or
unless I'm teaching what you need
and you do not need clear why
because we can use well
or
a permanent marker or labels
to put the numbers or the names or
what we want and what we are going to
use will be
and me
the chips that come in the
Chinese girls of cds or dvds or something not
then we will use the badges
that usually come inside in the
first to protect them from the dvds
virgins and
well, we can find them
come
well so in plan a little more white
rough finite plus fat or
transparent then with the marker
we will put the name or such and it is so
simple how to catch our Maltese gene and
go drawing
and well, these are the ones I've made
Right now I have not finished
I'm still missing a lot more but
well here for example I have the ones from kiko
the ones that I have from kiko that you good
so the parents put you by color or by
brand as they want not
I use
focus very well but good I used
the marker better because the labels
they end up falling and such then for example
here I have the color outside
angol
good everything I have from essence one
of flower mark what is already on the second
row of nick that makes it vienna there and
good and made of mercadona
bad then well then I put them like that and
what I do is to put the
numbers and here in the center then of
inside out in
names of the brand and here it's good
are ten kings themselves and such
depending then on the types and that then
I have it here also with the name
you can also
apart from that you fit that fit two
rows
that fit many as you see there
very much also for the back
can be used can be put
over
that will be covered perfectly and well and
because you have double the space since
to be flat because nothing happens does not fall
I do not know anything
the truth is that it is great
I am very happy and good
this is how they have been for the moment
still missing to add some more
and nothing, I hope you liked it and
see you in the next
ah